Gizzmo says Trans Rights
Funny Croatian Chungus
Kidney failure
dom64 is controlling people
What's this do?
shut up jad
POGGERS
Rock Cycle 2: Coming Soon!
Astolfo is pregnant. WAIT WHAT THE FUCK
poop
Wholesome 100
THIS IS NOT POGGERS
four spent $5 on a background
cracka ass
raxd fa
ethereal cat
Happy 800+ subs, AuroraXD!
Better than NathanCraft!
slime chunk
mod pack
Playboi Carti is awesome!
i.imgur.com/ViB69dm.png
the ip is localhost:25565
gremlin
Never forget hiero...
the fact is, saying "haha its a block game xD" is simply idiotic logic.
Now available in Doom WAD
domtube exclusive
follow me on dombook
Hello? Hello hello??
BIG BIG CHUNGUS BIG CHUNGUS BIG CHUNGUS
Don't click the Chungon.
fa
fat
burger
Keanu Chungus
Wholesome Keanu Chungus
Enchanted Wholesome Keanu Chungus
Strange Genuine Enchanted Wholesome Keanu Chungus
Jad says No to Trans Rights
quinn shut up about fnaf lore!!!!!
Fuck this server, fuck brazy fuck the "starboard" and fuck you all.
I fucking hate all of you assholes. I come on here every day and try to talk and all I get are fucking "not funny" and "starbait" shit, I don't even get any respect.
Please read this carefully, which you probably can't because you guys are incapable of reading sentences longer than 20 words. I get called a retard when in reality most of you are retards sitting in your chair picking your asshole typing away on domcord your unfunny shit and making your shitty memes. I'd rather watch an autistic kid with down syndrome fail to spell the word "hello" over and over than to be in this shit server, the average domcord member does not have any sense of awareness.. I fucking hate all you syndrome faggots especially Nathan and Brazy please reconsider your life choices you fucking jewish crack addicts. i'd rather self destruct than stay in this server for another 5 years. I want you pathetic mods to ban me so I won't be able to come back to this shit server.  I can't believe some of you guys have been in domcord for more than 4 years, I have lost over 20,000,000,000 braincells in a year just from being in this server.
There's a Funny Chunguns on your lawn
Now with extra slime chunks!
Sebastien please don't make cheats for this modpack.
Addtext.wad 2 soon.
raXD Fa 4 not in production.
dom64.farted.net/splashes.txt
SHUT THE FUCK UP!!!
Villager Shop at 0,255,0
MARIO KART WII LIVE!
nathan emmert graduation
jad nobody cares
shut up jad
JADIMATIONS IS THE BESTEST MINECRAFT YOUTUBER!!!1
The raxd fries are extra...
DELVER TIME!
ok guys see you in the next server
holy shit you guys are so fucking autistic
next battle royale when dom???
folieium shower
epic sans mental breakdown
four mental breakdown
leg pics for evewyone~!
